i am gay 
hello world 
Try finger but whole 
uwu
i will kindnap u just so we can be together
i love you
there is no sus without us
i agree
hi babe, buying me nitro?
nice
will u be my gf?
my penis is 13 inches long
i am motivated
chad move
i am in deeply love with you
you smell gay. i like it :3
my server that i run on is overheating from your cuteness
mi eres mi amante?
no bitches?
may the mighty mogus bless you
Idk, but if I were you, I would buy a bigger condom!
there is no god among us
wanna have sex?
u are my dilf bby girl
Nice cock bro. Good girth, pretty nice curve, tip-to-shaft ratio is perfect; only issue is the colour consistency, it gets a little light near the tip. I give it an overall 8.7/10; now onto the cum velocity testing.
u-uuuwaaaa~ OmO i-i let my boifwendu do a cummy cum in my boipucccwie~!!! and he didn't wear a boicondom O////O a-a-am i gonna get boipreggers now?? 3: i is too young to be a boimother! >///< c-c-can i getsies a boibortion? uwu c-can i pay my boinecologis
Welcome to the cum zone Only cum inside anime girls Quivering clit, double jointed pussy Fresh balls, elegant ejaculation First the kiss, then the cum My dick is in love with pain Co-op cock torture Stuff my dick into a furnace Stitch my cock shut Pressur
sus af. i like it
Cause there is no cock like horse cock Send your asshole into shock You need horse cock of course-cock Grab the lube and slam the day away
Our love wont be forbidden!
fuck off
you should kill your self now
thats kinda sus ngl
yeah, noone cares
twat, yes thats what you are
my balls hurt
no i am not insulting people for fun. not at all.
thats gay
no one loves you
you mama so fat, the whole planet faked a virus just so she wears a mask
bro cost 10 elixir
i think i have HIV
i broke my dick
fag
did i ask?
i hate you for this
the migthy mogus had put a curse on you
fat fuck
omg just shut the fuck up already
Yo mamma so fat, the flight had to refuel 4 times go go around her!
not too fond of gay ppl ay?
Yo mamma so fat, it's easier to jump over her, than to go around!
You wanna know what is an absolute banger? Me and ur mom every night
I slept like 3 hours, sorry i spent the other 5 banging ur mother
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla
¿Qué mierda acabas de decir sobre mí, pequeña perra? Quiero que sepas que me gradué como el mejor de mi clase en los Navy Seals, y he estado involucrado en numerosas redadas secretas en Al-Quaeda, y tengo más de 300 muertes confirmadas. Estoy entrenado en
klepács meleg 
Sincerely, your mother. 